README.md, before:

# Fortran Equation Parser
Copyright 2020 Fluid Numerics LLC

`feqparse` is an equation parser Fortran class that is used to interpret and evaluate functions provided as strings.

## Installation

For a quick installation to `/usr/local/feqparse`,
```
cd build/
cmake ../
make
cd test && ctest .
cd ../
sudo make install
```

The above steps install
```
/usr/local/feqparse/lib/libfeqparse.a
/usr/local/feqparse/include/EquationParser_Class.mod
```

## Usage
To build your Fortran application with feqparse, add the following flags
```
FLIBS += -L/usr/local/feqparse/lib -lfeqparse
FFLAGS += -I/usr/local/feqparse/include
```

### Demo Program

```
PROGRAM FEqParseDemo

USE FEQParse

IMPLICIT NONE

  TYPE(EquationParser) :: equation

  CHARACTER(LEN=1), DIMENSION(1:3) :: independentVars
  CHARACTER(LEN=30) :: f
  REAL :: x(1:3)

    ! Specify the independent variables
    independentVars = (/ 'x', 'y', 'z' /)

    ! Specify an equation string that we want to evaluate 
    eqChar = 'f = exp( -(x^2 + y^2 + z^2) )'

    ! Create the EquationParser object
    f = EquationParser(eqChar, independentVars)
   
    ! Evaluate the equation 
    x = (/ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 /) 
    PRINT*, equation % evaluate( x )

    ! Clean up memory
    CALL f % Destruct()


END PROGRAM FEqParseDemo
```

Commit message:

Update README to separate test instructions from build instructions

README.md, after:

# Fortran Equation Parser
Copyright 2020 Fluid Numerics LLC

`feqparse` is an equation parser Fortran class that is used to interpret and evaluate functions provided as strings.

## Installation

For a quick installation to `/usr/local/feqparse`,
```
cd build/
cmake ../
make
sudo make install
```
If you'd like to run the provided tests to verify your installation, 
1. Navigate to the `test/` directory underneath the `build/` directory.
```
cd test/
```
2. Use `ctest` to run the provided tests
```
ctest .
```

The above steps install
```
/usr/local/feqparse/lib/libfeqparse.a
/usr/local/feqparse/include/FEQParse.mod
```

## Usage
To build your Fortran application with feqparse, add the following flags
```
FLIBS += -L/usr/local/feqparse/lib -lfeqparse
FFLAGS += -I/usr/local/feqparse/include
```

### Demo Program

```
PROGRAM FEqParseDemo

USE FEQParse

IMPLICIT NONE

  TYPE(EquationParser) :: equation

  CHARACTER(LEN=1), DIMENSION(1:3) :: independentVars
  CHARACTER(LEN=30) :: f
  REAL :: x(1:3)

    ! Specify the independent variables
    independentVars = (/ 'x', 'y', 'z' /)

    ! Specify an equation string that we want to evaluate 
    eqChar = 'f = exp( -(x^2 + y^2 + z^2) )'

    ! Create the EquationParser object
    f = EquationParser(eqChar, independentVars)
   
    ! Evaluate the equation 
    x = (/ 0.0, 0.0, 0.0 /) 
    PRINT*, equation % evaluate( x )

    ! Clean up memory
    CALL f % Destruct()


END PROGRAM FEqParseDemo
```
